{
    "title": "MFCJ460DW MFCJ480DW MFCJ485DW \u2013 wireless setup - Macintosh\u00ae Version",
    "description": "Learn how to set up your Brother MFC-J460DW, MFC-J480DW, or MFC-J485DW inkjet printer on a wireless network.\n\nModels covered:\nBrother MFCJ460DW \nBrother MFCJ480DW \nBrother MFCJ485DW \n\nThis video is for Macintosh users.\n\nFor the Windows version click: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=f3OwUqUfJes\n\nFor more videos, tutorials, and FAQs visit our support site at: http:\/\/www.brother-usa.com\/support\n\n\nQuick Links \/ Table of Contents:\nModels Covered 00:09\nRequired Information 00:19\nCustom SSID and Network Key 00:47\nSetup Wizard on the Printer 01:04:00\nInsert or Download the software 02:09\nRunning the Installer software 2:10\nEnter your password 03:04\nEnter a Scan To name 03:21\nCUPS driver 03:38\nMore resources at brother-usa.com 03:59\n\n\n\nTranscript:\n\nWelcome. Today we\u2019re going to walk through the wireless setup of your Brother MFC-J480DW inkjet printer.\n\nThis video will cover multiple models and operating systems. Even though your machine may not match the model on the screen, the overall process will be the same.\n\nYou will need to gather some information about your wireless network in order to connect your machine. You will need to know the SSID or Network Name of your router or access point and you will need to know your Network Key or password. \n\nThe default settings for your router or access point can be found on the equipment label. If your SSID or Network Key contain both uppercase and lowercase letters be sure to record them as both of these credentials are case sensitive. You will also need administrator rights. \n\nIf you have setup up a custom SSID and Network Password and cannot recall this information, please contact your router manufacturer. Setup cannot be accomplished without this information.\n\nBegin by pressing the WiFi button. Select \u201cSetup Wizard\u201d from the option list and press \u201cOK\u201d  \n Press \u201cOK\u201d\nSelect your SSID or Network Name and press \u201cOK\u201d\n\nEnter your Network Key, using the keypad. Repeated presses on the keys will cycle through the available characters.\nConfirm that your Network Key is correct and press \u201cOK\u201d \n\nWhen prompted to apply settings, press \u201c1\u201d then press \u201cOK\u201d\n\nInsert the installation disc or download the full driver and software package from www.brother-usa.com. \n\n--Click here for more information on downloading drivers: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=v-NJQFbbyKs\n\nDouble-click on the brother icon on the desktop\nDouble click on the Driver Download or Start Here icon\nSelect Wireless Network Connection and then click \u201cNext\u201d\n\nSelect your Brother machine from the list and click \u201cNext.\u201d\nWhen the driver installer window opens, click \u201cContinue\u201d\nFamiliarize yourself with the environmental impacts of your Brother machine and click \u201cContinue\u201d\nClick \u201cContinue\u201d\nClick \u201cAgree\u201d to accept the license agreement\nClick \u201cInstall\u201d\nIf prompted, enter your password and click \u201cInstall Software\u201d\nClick \u201cOpen\u201d\nClick on \u201cClose\u201d\n\nEnter a \"Scan to\" name for your Mac, this will display on the machine's LCD when scanning a document.\nClick \u201cNext\u201d\nClick \u201cAdd Printer.\u201d\nChoose your machine from the list.  From the \"Use\" dropdown, choose the Brother CUPS driver for full printing capabilities.  \nClick \u201cAdd.\u201d\nClick \u201cNext.\u201d\nWhen prompted to, click Presto! PageManager and follow the onscreen instructions to install.\n\n For more Tutorials, FAQ's and Videos, visit us at www.brother-usa.com\n\nThank you for choosing Brother\n\n\nCustomers also searched:\nBrother MFC J460DW wireless\nBrother MFC J480DW wireless\nBrother MFC J485DW wireless",
    "videoid": "117460466",
    "date_created": "1505242239",
    "date_modified": "1505242239",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/mfcj460dw-mfcj480dw-mfcj485dw-wireless-setup-macintosh-version\/117460466"
}