{
    "title": "Apple iPad Pro 12.9\" Retina Display Touch ID Wi-Fi Only Space Gray - Silver - Gold",
    "description": "While the size of the Apple iPad Pro may be a bit daunting, its 12.9\" Retina Display will quickly remove your doubts, thanks to its 2732 x 2048 screen resolution, 264 pixels per inch (ppi), and 5.6 million pixels. Supporting high resolution videos and photos, you'll be able to experience vivid colors and deep black levels. The Retina Display delivers greater contrast, more uniform brightness, and improved energy efficiency through photo alignment technology, oxide TFT, and variable refresh rate.\n\nPowering the large Retina display is the Apple A9X chip with a M9 motion coprocessor. The 3rd generation 64-bit chip can pump out desktop-class CPU performance and console-class graphics. The faster performance allows you to multitask with ease, using iOS 9 features, such as Picture in Picture, Slide Over, and Split View. Also, the iPad Pro is capable of playing three simultaneous 4K video streams in iMovie.\n\nThe iPad Pro comes with iOS 9 installed, which features proactive assistance as well as powerful search and improved Siri features, all while protecting your privacy. There are multitasking features designed specifically for iPad which allow you to use multiple apps simultaneously, and built-in apps become more powerful with a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps, and the added News app. The foundation of iOS is even stronger with software updates that require less space to install and advanced security features to further protect your device.\n\nWhile the Retina Display of the iPad Pro features multi-touch capabilities, Apple does offer alternative ways of interacting with the iPad Pro. The Apple Pencil is an optional accessory that can capture twice as many data points as your finger for greater precision. Force and tilt sensors transmit precise information to the iPad Pro so you can intuitively lay down lines of varying thickness and opacity. The Smart Keyboard is another optional accessory that connects to the Smart Connector on the iPad Pro, which means you don't have to use Bluetooth. The Smart Keyboard has Apple's dome switches for precision typing.",
    "videoid": "150221850",
    "date_created": "1518738244",
    "date_modified": "1518738244",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/apple-ipad-pro-12-9-retina-display-touch-id-wi-fi-only-space-gray-silver-gold\/150221850"
}