{
    "title": "How a Sentry Safe is Made - BrandmadeTV",
    "description": "How a Sentry Safe is Made - BrandmadeTV\n\nThe Sentry Big Bolt Safe - It is the safest combination ever. Founded over 80 years ago, Sentry became an industry leader when they rolled out the first fire resistant safe in 1955. Their latest, the Big Bolt, appropriately named for having the biggest bolts of any Sentry safe, will keep safe what you hold dear. Whether it\u2019s documents, digital discs or precious metals they will be protected from heat, water and theft. Just be sure to remember the combination. Watch how the study Sentry Safe is made.\n----------------------------------------\u00ad------------------------\n\nBrandmadeTV posts several videos a day, subscribe for more!\n\nSHARE THIS VIDEO: https:\/\/youtu.be\/gZbyJibYbH4\n\nFollow BrandmadeTV:\nMAIN CHANNEL: http:\/\/bit.ly\/BrandmadeTV\nFACEBOOK: http:\/\/www.facebook.com\/Brandmade.TV\nTWITTER: http:\/\/www.twitter.com\/brandmadetv\nWEBSITE: http:\/\/brandmade.tv\nINSTAGRAM: http:\/\/www.instagram.com\/brandmade.tv\nSNAPCHAT: brandmade.tv\n\n----------------------------------------\u00ad------------------------\nThe Sentry Big Bolt Safe - It is the safest combination ever. Founded over 80 years ago, Sentry became an industry leader when they rolled out the first fire resistant safe in 1955. Their latest, the Big Bolt, appropriately named for having the biggest bolts of any Sentry safe, will keep safe what you hold dear. Whether it\u2019s documents, digital discs or precious metals they will be protected from heat, water and theft. Just be sure to remember the combination.\n----------------------------------------\u00ad------------------------\nIf you see this, type \"Safe as houses\" in the comments - and please LIKE\/FAV!\n----------------------------------------\u00ad------------------------\n\nHow a Sentry Safe is Made - BrandmadeTV\n\n\u00a9 BrandmadeTV 2016\nThis format and title of this program is protected under Copyright and Trademark Law and may not be emulated or re-created in any way without express consent in any territory worldwide.",
    "videoid": "117460461",
    "date_created": "1505242193",
    "date_modified": "1505242193",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/how-a-sentry-safe-is-made-brandmadetv\/117460461"
}