{
    "title": "Epson WorkForce Pro WF-4630 All-in-One Printer Review",
    "description": "Review: 5\/5\nEconomical Power House that Improves Upon the 4530\/4540.\n\nThis is a great, economical, high performing printer.  It is noticeably improved from the previous model, the Epson WP-4530 \/ WP-4540.  I owned and loved the WP-4540 as my primary printer.  This WF-4630\/WF-4640 improves upon the 4530\/4540 by: (1) A noticeably better color touch screen that is more colorful, more responsive, better audio cues.  (2) Has more options and features.  (3) Scans faster at higher resolution levels.  It continues the benefits of fast printing, duplex (2-sided) printing, fast scanning, duplex (2-sided) scanning, easy setup and software, great wireless, economical printing with large capacity 786 & 786XL ink cartridge support, great print quality, and just being a power house.  This seems to be a decent upgrade.\n\nThe only difference in the WF-4640 vs WF-4630 is whether or not it comes with an optional second paper tray to place under the unit that is the same otherwise.  I have the WP-4540 that has the extra tray, and decided not to use it because it made the printer larger and I just didn't need the capacity before reloading in my home office.  I use duplex printing and scanning a lot on the previous model (WP-4540).  I love that it just mounts the USB port as a remote drive, so I just leave a USB key plugged in and copy the files from my PC.  Scanning directly to PC (on the old model at least) was significantly slower and didn't offer many of the options for some reason.  After a short while, scanning would sometimes pull in too many pages at a time, so I just feed them one at a time when I hear the audible click when the existing page is pulled in far enough.  Two sided scanning works sell, but if too many pages pile up in the output, it can suck some previous pages back in from the output tray as it pulls the current page back for a second pass or to flip it.\n\nThe only concern I have is whether or not the 4630\/4640 fixes the common internal defect that plagued the 4530\/4540.  After a year, many 4530\/4540s would leak yellow ink in a single line down the center of the page until exhausted, ruining output for a while, until you ended up with a high quality black & white printer.  Mine was affected by that, but Epson replaced mine free of charge after the warranty expired.  My WP-4540 still has some banding on color output sometimes.  I am just hoping the 4630\/4640 has rooted out the problem.  Btw, my Epson Workforce 840 that I infrequently print to has never had a problem.  Only time will tell.  But everything else about it shows me that they improved a number of things.\n\n\nProduct Title: Epson WorkForce Pro WF-4630 Wireless and WiFi Direct All-in-One Color Inkjet Printer, Copier, Scanner, 2-Sided Auto Duplex, ADF, Fax. Prints from Tablet\/Smartphone. AirPrint Compatible. (C11CD10201)\nModel: C11CD10201",
    "videoid": "150221725",
    "date_created": "1518733864",
    "date_modified": "1518733864",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/epson-workforce-pro-wf-4630-all-in-one-printer-review\/150221725"
}