{
    "title": "Verbatim Store 'n' Go Secure Pro USB 3.0 Flash Drive Review - with AES Hardware Encryption",
    "description": "Buy it on Amazon - http:\/\/lon.tv\/6h7yd (affiliate link) \n\nThis drive is secure, but you need to make sure you know what you're getting into with it - the documentation was not totally clear on a few items.\n\nFirst things first - do not lose your password. If you do you can't get back into the drive, ever. That's a good thing for a secure product because any shortcut around a missing password is a path of entry an unauthorized person might take. So from the standpoint of protecting your data against somebody finding (or stealing) your Store 'n' Go you are well covered. But that's not the only security layer. \n\nIt also has a lock-out mechanism that happens after 10 consecutive failed password attempts. When that takes place the stick is permanently disabled until a new password is set. However the act of setting that new password completely wipes out the data.  It's very easy for a kid to pick this thing up, try a few different passwords, and then completely lock out the device.\n\nAll of these things are great from a security standpoint. But it's also important to understand that you need to have any data you put on this drive backed up somewhere else. There is a \"lost password\" function which really does nothing more than to reset the device to its default state, taking the data with it. Anyone can run that lost password function even if they don't have the original password.\n\nPerformance on the Store 'n' Go is outstanding. Writes to the disk manage to sustain 100 megabytes per second, with just under 160 megabytes per second on the read side. This is competitive with many external hard drives I've tested in the not so distant past. \n\nThe bottom line? This is a great way to secure data that you don't want unauthorized people to see. But you need to make sure that data is backed up some place else. Because it's very easy for the stick to lock everyone out (including its owner) if an incorrect password is entered too many times in a row.\n\nSubscribe to my email list to get a weekly digest of upcoming videos! - http:\/\/lon.tv\/email\n\nVisit the Lon.TV store to purchase some of my previously reviewed items! http:\/\/lon.tv\/store\n\nWant to chat with other fans of the channel? Visit our forums! http:\/\/lon.tv\/forums\n\nWant to help the channel? Start a Patreon subscription!\nhttp:\/\/lon.tv\/patreon\n\nOr you can help out just by purchasing things on Amazon through this link: http:\/\/lon.tv\/amazon\n\nFollow me on Facebook!\nhttp:\/\/facebook.com\/lonreviewstech\n\nFollow me on Twitter!\nhttp:\/\/twitter.com\/lonseidman\n\nCatch my longer interviews in audio form on my podcast!\nhttp:\/\/lon.tv\/itunes\nhttp:\/\/lon.tv\/stitcher\nor the feed at http:\/\/lon.tv\/podcast\/feed.xml\n\nFollow me on Google+\nhttp:\/\/lonseidman.com\n\nDISCLOSURE: Verbatim provided a product sample for the purposes of this review.",
    "videoid": "150221811",
    "date_created": "1518736766",
    "date_modified": "1518736766",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/verbatim-store-n-go-secure-pro-usb-3-0-flash-drive-review-with-aes-hardware-encryption\/150221811"
}