{
    "title": "New Dell Chromebook 11 Review - 2015 model CRM3120-1667BLK",
    "description": "Buy it on Amazon - http:\/\/lon.tv\/ewjhx (affiliate link)\n\nDell has a new 11.6\" Chromebook out that is being focused on education. It has a rugged design that includes a rubber bumper around the edges of both the base and screen as well as a sealed keyboard to prevent damage from spills. \n\nThe screen tilts all the way back - a full 180 degrees. This prevents it from accidentally being snapped off past its stop point. \n\nPerformance is on par with other devices powered by the Intel Celeron N2840 processor. Adequate for most web browsing and light computing tasks. \n\nI've noticed that Google has optimized performance with ChromeOS which now allows this device to perform as fast as Windows devices with the same processor.\n\nBattery life is good and likely will last all day provided the user is mostly web browsing and word processing. Online games, script heavy sites, and video playback will impact overall battery performance.\n\nOverall? This is a solid Chromebook that performs as well as the others in its class but it's slightly overpriced. This one is about $50 more expensive than devices running with the same hardware - including many Windows PCs. The investment might be worth it if the target user is a young child as the rugged build might allow it to survive a bit longer.\n\nSubscribe to my email list to get a weekly digest of upcoming videos! - http:\/\/lon.tv\/email\n\nVisit the Lon.TV store to purchase some of my previously reviewed items! http:\/\/lon.tv\/store\n\nWant to chat with other fans of the channel? Visit our forums! http:\/\/lon.tv\/forums\n\nWant to help the channel? Start a Patreon subscription!\nhttp:\/\/lon.tv\/patreon\n\nFollow me on Facebook!\nhttp:\/\/facebook.com\/lonreviewstech\n\nFollow me on Twitter!\nhttp:\/\/twitter.com\/lonseidman\n\nCatch my longer interviews in audio form on my podcast!\nhttp:\/\/lon.tv\/itunes\nhttp:\/\/lon.tv\/stitcher\nor the feed at http:\/\/lon.tv\/podcast\/feed.xml\n\nFollow me on Google+\nhttp:\/\/lonseidman.com\n\nDISCLOSURE: I am a member of the Amazon Vine program and received this product to review on Amazon's site.",
    "videoid": "117461569",
    "date_created": "1505244267",
    "date_modified": "1505244267",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/new-dell-chromebook-11-review-2015-model-crm3120-1667blk\/117461569"
}