{
    "title": "ASUS Chromebook C202SA Review - 11\" $200 Ruggedized for Education",
    "description": "Buy this reviewed item at my store for a discount! http:\/\/lon.tv\/v4d3f\nASUS just came out with a rugged Chromebook designed to take abuse from little ones. It performs well too. Learn more about ChromeOS: http:\/\/lon.tv\/chrome101 and subscribe! http:\/\/lon.tv\/s\n\nBuy it on Amazon - http:\/\/lon.tv\/26ydq (affiliate link)\n\nVIDEO INDEX:\n0:40 - Hardware overview\n2:31 - Battery life\n2:47 - Keyboard and trackpad\n5:17 - Web browsing performance\n6:02 - Streaming video playback performance \n7:22 - Octane benchmark test\n7:48 - Conclusion and final thoughts\n\nSee a tear down on it here: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=hE1GzYyvWSk\n\nAsus makes great, affordable hardware and this is no exception. This Chromebook is being targeted at schools primarily, and is ruggedized to potentially survive whatever a kid has to throw at it. The case is surrounded by a rubber bumper and the screen can be pushed all the way flat to prevent hinges from breaking off.\n\nPerformance is solid and a little better than other $200 Chromebooks I have looked at too. \n\nI have a feeling ChromeOS is going to get a lot more interesting in the months ahead. This is a solid device especially for schools and parents of kids looking for a device that can take a few hard knocks and keep working.\n\nSubscribe to my email list to get a weekly digest of upcoming videos! - http:\/\/lon.tv\/email\n\nVisit the Lon.TV store to purchase some of my previously reviewed items! http:\/\/lon.tv\/store\n\nRead more about my transparency and disclaimers: http:\/\/lon.tv\/disclosures\n\nWant to chat with other fans of the channel? Visit our forums! http:\/\/lon.tv\/forums\n\nWant to help the channel? Start a Patreon subscription!\nhttp:\/\/lon.tv\/patreon\n\nOr you can help out just by purchasing things on Amazon through this link: http:\/\/lon.tv\/amazon\n\nFollow me on Facebook!\nhttp:\/\/facebook.com\/lonreviewstech\n\nFollow me on Twitter!\nhttp:\/\/twitter.com\/lonseidman\n\nCatch my longer interviews in audio form on my podcast!\nhttp:\/\/lon.tv\/itunes\nhttp:\/\/lon.tv\/stitcher\nor the feed at http:\/\/lon.tv\/podcast\/feed.xml\n\nFollow me on Google+\nhttp:\/\/lonseidman.com",
    "videoid": "150224015",
    "date_created": "1518739704",
    "date_modified": "1518739704",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/asus-chromebook-c202sa-review-11-200-ruggedized-for-education\/150224015"
}