{
    "title": "Acer Iconia One 7 Android tablet review",
    "description": "Time for another video review. This video is a look at the Acer Iconia One 7 Android tablet, it's a low cost tablet at around \u00a399 (on Amazon) and has an Intel Atom powered device. It weighs 331 g and has a soft plastic back, it feels well balanced but I have to say it doesn't really standout from the rest of the Android crowd.\n\nIts screen has a 1280 x 800 screen so it's not the best resolution device I have come across but it's relative clear and the colours look well balanced. Some Android tablet seem to have a washed out look to them but this doesn't look to bad and despite the low resolution I like the screen. There is a coating on the screen that prevents finger print marks which actually works very and keeps it clean looking.\nIMG_5310.JPG\n\nIt has a 1.8Ghz Atom processor with 1GB of RAM and 16GB of storage and switching from app to app is a little on the slow side which could be down to the 1GB of RAM. Once apps load they work fine, I tried a couple of games and they work ok. The tablet comes with Android 4.4 and a lot of Acer apps which you don't necessarily need like their streaming apps. They do have some floating widgets including a notepad and calculator which could be handy. Once nice feature I found is double tap to wake which is something I use a lot on my Lumia 1520 and really miss it when I use a device that doesn't have the feature.\n\nThere is a 2MP rear camera and a 0.3MP front camera which would be fine for Skype.\n\nAs a device for browsing and consuming media it nice device, video playback works great and considering the low res screen video looks good on it. The volume has a reasonable range so you can still watch your videos in noisy environments.\nIn this video I play a game, watch a video and try browsing on the tablet.",
    "videoid": "117461589",
    "date_created": "1505244763",
    "date_modified": "1505244763",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/acer-iconia-one-7-android-tablet-review\/117461589"
}