{
    "title": "Targus iPad air 2 cases - Take your iPad air 2 experience to next level.",
    "description": "Targus 3D Protection Case for iPad Air 2 (THZ522AP)\n\nThe Targus 3D Protection Case for iPad Air 2 is a modern design from the Targus Studio. Military grade certified design which can secure your device in safe without compromising the size of the case. Innovative double side elastic closure system help you to lock the cover securely in daily usage. Customized molded TPU tray enhance the shock absorption and provide additional protection to your device. These case also come with water resistant PU, plus non slip PU interior lining to enhance the viewing functionality.\n\nTargus Versavu Case for iPad Air 2  (THZ471AP)\n\nThe Targus Versavu Case for iPad Air 2 is the best design from the Targus Studio. It is easy to help you to find the most comfortable viewing angle and provided a whole new experience for using your tablet case. Our Patent 360 degree rotation allows for viewing in landscape and portrait mode while the custom-fit case and the foam grooves can securely hold your device in place.. With our new Sound Directional system, this can enhance the sound amplitude and quality when watching movie or listen to the music. And our discreet elastic closure system can also keeps the case securely closed during travel.\n\nTargus EverVu Case for iPad Air 2 (THZ469AP)\nTargus EverVu Case for iPad Air 2 has hard shell back cover to keep your device secure in case. The Non-Slip PU front cover help user to fold back for easy viewing and typing. A special design non-slip grip provide additional support to your case in viewing position. Our Signature diagonal elastic closure system can also help to minimize the gap between the Cover the back case.",
    "videoid": "150221733",
    "date_created": "1518734393",
    "date_modified": "1518734393",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/targus-ipad-air-2-cases-take-your-ipad-air-2-experience-to-next-level\/150221733"
}