{
    "title": "Seagate Backup Plus Hub Review - Hard Drive with Built in USB 3.0 Hub !",
    "description": "Buy it on Amazon - http:\/\/lon.tv\/i3d1m (affiliate link) - Seagate has a new USB 3.0 external hard drive that has a powered USB hub built in. It's great for low end computers and compatible with just about anything with a USB port. See more storage: http:\/\/lon.tv\/storage and subscribe! http:\/\/lon.tv\/s\n\nVIDEO INDEX:\n0:02 - Introduction\n1:18 - Hardware overview\n1:56 - Charging a phone without a computer plugged in\n2:38 - Plugging the drive into a Raspberry Pi\n3:04 - Drive noise levels\n3:34 - Plugging in additional drives to the USB hub\n4:45 - Blackmagic disk speed test benchmark\n5:26 - Conclusion and final thoughts\n\nDrive performance is great and the hub is a nice convenience to have integrated into the hardware. Great for backups and large file archiving.\n\nSubscribe to my email list to get a weekly digest of upcoming videos! - http:\/\/lon.tv\/email\n\nVisit the Lon.TV store to purchase some of my previously reviewed items! http:\/\/lon.tv\/store\n\nRead more about my transparency and disclaimers: http:\/\/lon.tv\/disclosures\n\nWant to chat with other fans of the channel? Visit our forums! http:\/\/lon.tv\/forums\n\nWant to help the channel? Start a Patreon subscription!\nhttp:\/\/lon.tv\/patreon\n\nFollow me on Facebook!\nhttp:\/\/facebook.com\/lonreviewstech\n\nFollow me on Twitter!\nhttp:\/\/twitter.com\/lonseidman\n\nCatch my longer interviews in audio form on my podcast!\nhttp:\/\/lon.tv\/itunes\nhttp:\/\/lon.tv\/stitcher\nor the feed at http:\/\/lon.tv\/podcast\/feed.xml\n\nFollow me on Google+\nhttp:\/\/lonseidman.com",
    "videoid": "117471045",
    "date_created": "1505260327",
    "date_modified": "1505260327",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/seagate-backup-plus-hub-review-hard-drive-with-built-in-usb-3-0-hub\/117471045"
}