{
    "title": "Sabrent 4 Port USB 3 0 Hub Review 2017",
    "description": "Get the Sabrent 4 Port USB 3.0 here:\nhttp:\/\/amzn.to\/2mvLe8u\n\nI think I have great news. I did some digging through USBView program in an effort to distinguish if the USB 4-Port Hub, HB-UM43 (Genesys Logic Inc. makes the board), was a Multi-TT design, as in, each Hub port is capable of handling it's own individual bandwidth at the max speed without influence from lesser speed devices that are connected to the hub as well. Like, if you have a 1.1 Connection from a MIDI Keyboard (which is fairly common type for bare Midi), normally the whole USB Hub, not just that one port, would be downgraded to 1.1 Speeds. Instead, when a Hub has it's own translator per port, you can run 1.1 MIDI, 2.0, and 3.0 etc all at their individual supposed speeds. Meaning, if you're someone that plugs in lots of different devices, DJ's, music production via Laptop, Media, etc, you'll want a Multi-TT USB Hub for sure. While Multi-TT isn't as big as a deal nowadays (it seems mostly standard?), from according to a document that classifies USB Hubs of Multi-TT\/Single-TT architecture and matching up some descriptor #'s it looks like this is a Multi-TT design.\n\nAlso, Sabrent has excellent service. I emailed them with a very very random issue I had with the product, they emailed me back within the day, helped me out, by 2 days after that, I had a new one. Awesome product, very clean, simple, good design, and great service.",
    "videoid": "150221738",
    "date_created": "1518734443",
    "date_modified": "1518734443",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/sabrent-4-port-usb-3-0-hub-review-2017\/150221738"
}