{
    "title": "Best Big & Tall 400 lb  Capacity Executive Swivel Office Chairs - FitDango",
    "description": "This chair was designed to meet your around the clock needs. Also known as multi-shift task chairs, a 24-hour office chair is designed for extended use or multiple-shift environments. This chair can be used in a 9-5 setting, but it was specifically designed to meet the needs of workers in 911 dispatch offices, nurses' stations, call centers, control room engineers, disc jockeys, and government personnel. The big and tall design also aids in accommodating larger and taller body types. This chair has been tested to hold a capacity of up to 400 lbs., offering a broader seat and back width. The high back extends to the upper back for greater lumbar support. The tilt lock mechanism offers a comfortable rocking\/reclining motion. The free range motion is great for taking a quick break from typing for phone calls and relaxing. This chair features a plush, double padded, contoured seat that dissipates pressure points, providing you with extreme comfort. Chair easily swivels 360 degrees to get the maximum use of your workspace without strain. The pneumatic adjustment lever will allow you to easily adjust the seat to your desired height. The adjustable armrests take the pressure off the shoulders and the neck, which minimizes the risk of pain. The heavy duty metal base is constructed to keep up with the demands of an intensive use chair.\nVisit Our Website: http:\/\/www.fitdango.com\/hercules-series-24-7-intensive-use-multi-shift-big-tall-400-lb-capacity-black-fabric-executive-swivel-chair-with-lumbar-support-knob.html",
    "videoid": "117471044",
    "date_created": "1505260265",
    "date_modified": "1505260265",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/best-big-tall-400-lb-capacity-executive-swivel-office-chairs-fitdango\/117471044"
}