{
    "title": "Ergotron WorkFit-S Dual with Worksurface+",
    "description": "Today we're going to be looking at Ergotron's WorkFit-S Dual with Worksurface+, a $499 sit-stand workstation that latches onto any existing tabletop. Read the full review here: http:\/\/www.makeuseof.com\/tag\/ergotron-workfit-s-dual-with-worksurface-review-and-giveaway\/\n\n***************************************************************\n\nWhat\u2019s MakeUseOf? Technology, simplified. \n\nThe MakeUseOf blog covers all types of technology, including advice for all the popular operating systems and gadgets on the market, and tips for your browsing, social media and gaming habits.\n\nWe\u2019re also keen to help you personally make more of your time using technology, so we include a lot about personal productivity, finance, smart home tech, entertainment and more. \n\nPlus, we\u2019re always running giveaways and finding great deals we can share with you. So keep an eye out for them! Plenty of our readers have won iPhones, tablets and more through our giveaways.\n\nSo FOLLOW US on your favourite social media sites and get MakeUseOf.com into your RSS feeds. And come say hi in the comments of our posts anytime! We\u2019d love to meet you!\n\nWebsite: http:\/\/makeuseof.com\/\nRSS: http:\/\/feeds.feedburner.com\/makeuseof\nDeals: http:\/\/deals.makeuseof.com\/\nLatest Giveaway: http:\/\/makeuseof.com\/giveaway\n\nTwitter: http:\/\/twitter.com\/makeuseof\nFacebook: http:\/\/facebook.com\/makeuseof\nPinterest: http:\/\/pinterest.com\/makeuseof\nInstagram: http:\/\/instagram.com\/makeuseof\nLinkedIn: https:\/\/www.linkedin.com\/company\/makeuseof.com\nGoogle+: https:\/\/plus.google.com\/+makeuseof",
    "videoid": "117460537",
    "date_created": "1505243436",
    "date_modified": "1505243436",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/ergotron-workfit-s-dual-with-worksurface\/117460537"
}